Story05 (#17)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story05/inheritance-wizzard/README.md

# Inheritance Wizard

| Expected file          |
| ---------------------- |
| inheritance-wizzard.js |

Write a function named `setPrototypeLink` that explicitly sets the **proto** property of an object to link it to another object. This will enable the first object to inherit properties and methods from the second object.

### Requirements:

The function `setPrototypeLink` should accept two arguments:

1. childObj: The object whose prototype will be set.
2. parentObj: The object that will serve as the prototype.
   After linking, childObj should have access to properties and methods from parentObj.

> 

Reviewer: expected function

# Inheritance Wizard

| Expected file          |
| ---------------------- |
| inheritance-wizzard.js |

> Write a function named `setPrototypeLink` that explicitly sets the **proto** property of an object to link it to another object. This will enable the first object to inherit properties and methods from the second object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function called `setPrototypeLink` to set the proto property of one object to link it to another, allowing it to inherit properties and methods.
```
